.ig
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005
                                                                                
Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.
                                                                                
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.
..

.TH sfcbd 1 "August 2005" "sfcb Version 1.0"

.SH NAME
sfcbd \- Open Source Small-Footprint CIM Broker (sfcb)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfcbd
[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
sfcb is a lightweight CIM daemon (aka CIMOM) that responds to CIM client
requests for system management data and/or performs system management 
tasks. sfcb supports most of the standard CIM XML over http/https protocol.
It is highly modular, allowing functionality to be easily added, removed
or customized for different management applications. sfcb is specifically
targetted for small embedded system that do not have the available CPU,
memory or disk resources to support a full-blown enterprise-level CIMOM.
That said, sfcb runs very well on a regular Linux/Unix system and supports
most of the functions required by CIM clients to manage such the system. 
Supported CIM operations include:
.IP
.TS
l l.	
GetClass
EnumerateClasses
EnumerateClassNames
GetInstance
DeleteInstance
CreateInstance
ModifyInstance
EnumerateInstances
EnumerateInstanceNames
InvokeMethod (MethodCall)
ExecQuery
Associators
AssociatorNames
References
ReferenceNames
.TE
.PP
CIM process and lifecycle indications (aka 'events') are also supported.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
Supported command line options are:
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Specify an alternative configuration file. 
Default=\fI/usr/local/etc/sfcb/sfcb.cfg\fR
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-daemon\fR
Run sfcbd (and child processes) in the background.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-collect-stats\fR
Turn on runtime statistics collecting. If enabled then
various sfcbd runtime statistics will be written to \fI./sfcbStat\fR.
Default is no statistics are collected.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-trace-components\fR=\fINUM\fR
Activate component-level tracing messages, where \fINUM\fR is a
OR-ed bitmask integer defining which component to trace.
Specifying "-t ?" which list all the components and their
associated integer bitmask.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Prints version information and exits.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
.PP
sfcbd reads the configuration file \fI/usr/local/etc/sfcb/sfcb.cfg\fR (or
the file specified with the -c option) at start up. The configuration file 
contains option : value pairs, one per line. sfcb recogonizes the following 
configuration file options
.TP
.B httpPort
Local port that sfcbd should listen to receive HTTP (i.e. insecure)
requests from CIM clients. Default=\fI5988\fR
.TP
.B enableHttp
sfcb should/not accept HTTP client connections. Default=\fItrue\fR.
.TP
.B httpProcs
Maximum number of simultaneous HTTP client connections before
blocking new incoming HTTP requests. Default=\fI8\fR
.TP
.B httpsPort
Local port that sfcbd should listen to receive HTTPS (i.e. secure)
requests from CIM clients. Default=\fI5989\fR
.TP
.B enableHttps
sfcb should/not accept HTTPS client connections. Default=\fIfalse\fR.
.TP
.B httpsProcs
Maximum number of simultaneous HTTPS client connections before
blocking new incoming HTTPS requests. Default=\fI8\fR
.TP
.B provProcs
Maximum number of simultaneous SBLIM provider processes. After this
point if a new incoming request requires loading a new provider,
then one of the existing providers will first be automatically
unloaded. Default=\fI32\fR 
.TP
.B doBasicAuth
Perform basic authentication on the client userid (obtained from the
HTTP/HTTPS header) before allowing the request. Default=\fIfalse\fR
(i.e. no client authentication performed).
.TP
.B basicAuthLib
Name of the local library to call to authenticate the client userid.
Default=\fI/usr/local/lib/libsfcBasicAuthentication.la\fR
.TP
.B useChunking
Tell sfcbd to use HTTP/HTTPS 'chunking' to return large volumes of
response data to the client in 'chunks', rather than buffering the 
data and sending it back all at once. 
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B SFCB_PAUSE_PROVIER
Specifies the name of the SBLIM provider to pause after first
being loaded to facilitate attaching a runtime debugger to the
provider's process for debugging purposes.
.TP
.B SFCB_PAUSE_CODEC
Specifies the name of the sfcb codec (currently only "http") to pause
after first being started to facilitate attaching a runtime debugger
to the process.
.TP
.B SFCB_TRACE
Specifies the level of trace/debug messages for sfcb.
Valid values are 0 (no trace messages), or 1 (key trace messages only)
to 4 (all messages).
.br
[Note: SFCB_TRACE level is used in conjunction
with sfcb's component-level tracing to control the
level of detail of trace messages to display within each component]
.TP
.B SFCB_TRACE_FILE
By default sfcb trace messages are written to STDERR.
Setting this envorinment variable causes the trace messages to be
written to a file instead.
.TP
.B SFCB_TRAP
If set this environment variable enables trap interrupts on x86
platforms to be generated by sfcb in special situations.
.br
[Note: not currently ever used]
.TP
.B SBLIM_TRACE
Specifies the level of trace/debug messages for SBLIM providers.
Valid values are 0 (no trace messages), or 1 (key trace messages only)
to 4 (all messages).
.br
[Note: this only applies to SBLIM providers written with explicit trace
messages in their source code.]
.TP
.B SBLIM_TRACE_FILE
By default SBLIM provider trace messages are written to STDERR.
Setting this envorinment variable causes the trace messages to be
written to a file instead.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/etc/sfcb/sfcb.cfg
Default sfcb configuration file.
.TP
.I /usr/local/etc/sfcb/server.pem
SSL certificate for sfcb.
.TP
.I /usr/local/etc/sfcb/file.pem
SSL certificate for sfcb.
.SH LIBRARIES
.TP
.I /usr/local/lib/libsfc*
Binaries for sfcb runtime libraries.
.TP
.I /usr/local/lib/cmpi/*
Binaries for SBLIM providers
.SH AUTHOR
Adrian Schuur <schuur@de.ibm.com>
.SH CONRIBUTORS
Dr. Gareth S. Bestor <bestor@us.ibm.com>,
Viktor Mihajlovski <MIHAJLOV@de.ibm.com>
.SH BUGS
.PP
The SBLIM project maintains a mailing list to which you should direct all
questions regarding sfcb, sfcc, wbemcli, or any of the SBLIM providers.
To subscribe to this mailing list visit
.IP
http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/sblim-issues
.PP
The SBLIM Project Bug tracking page can be found at
.IP
http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=128809&atid=712784
.SH COPYRIGHT
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005
.SH AVAILABILITY
The Small-Footprint CIM Broker (sfcb) is a part of IBM's SBLIM project.
The most recent version is available on the web at
.IP
\%http://sblim.sourceforge.net/
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR cimserver (1),
.BR sfcbmof (1),
.BR sfcbstage (1),
.BR sfcbunstage (1),
.BR sfcbrebos (1),
.BR genSslCert.sh (1),
.BR getSchema.sh (1),
.BR wbemcli (1)


