.ig
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005
                                                                                
Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.
                                                                                
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.
..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH sfcbrepos 1 "August 2005" "sfcbrepos Version 1.0"

.SH NAME
sfcbrepos \- Script to rebuild the Small-Footprint CIM Broker (sfcb) class repository

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfcbrepos
[\c
.BR \-h]
[\c
.BR \-f]
[\c
.BI \-c \ schemadir\fr]
[\c
.BI \-s \ stagingdir\fr]
[\c
.BI \-r \ registrationdir\fr]

.SH DESCRIPTION
TODO

.SH OPTIONS
Supported command line options are:
.TP
.B c schemadir
\tPath to obtain the CIM Schema classes.
Default is /usr/local/share/sfcb
.TP
.B s stagingdir
\tPath to sfcb staging area containing class MOFs and registration files
Default is /usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/stage
.TP
.B r registrationdir
\tPath to the sfcb registration directory, containing the root of the class repository directory tree. 
Default is /usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration
.TP
.B f
\tForce option. Without this option you will be prompted to confirm creating a new class repository (and delete the old one).
Setting this option will rebuild the new sfcb repository without prompting.
.TP
.B h
\tDisplay usage information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
TODO

.SH FILES
/usr/local/share/sfcb/CIM/CIM_Schema.mof
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/providerRegister
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/providerRegister.previous
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/repository
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/repository.previous
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/repository/.../classSchemas
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/stage/default.reg
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/stage/interop.mof
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/stage/mofs/*.mof
/usr/local/var/lib/sfcb/registration/stage/regs/*.reg

.SH LIBRARIES
Requires libsfcBrokerCore.a

.SH AUTHOR
Adrian Schuur <schuur@de.ibm.com>

.SH BUGS
None

.SH COPYRIGHT
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005

.SH AVAILABILITY
The Small-Footprint CIM Broker (sfcb) is a part of IBM's SBLIM project.
The most recent version is available on the web at
.IP
\%http://sblim.sourceforge.net/

.
.\" Local Variables:
.\" mode: nroff
.\" End:


