.ig
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005
                                                                                
Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.
                                                                                
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.
..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH xmltest 1 "August 2005" "xmltest Version 1.0"

.SH NAME
xmltest \- Test script to send CIM-XML (via wbemcat) to CIMOM and compare to known results

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xmltest
[\c
.B file ...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Script to send the specified CIM-XML file containing a CIM client using wbemcat to the CIMOM, and compare the returned results to an existing "x.OK" file. If no file specified then iteratively test all "*.XML" files and test their results.

.SH OPTIONS
TODO

.SH ENVIRONMENT
TODO

.SH FILES
TODO

.SH PREREQUISITIES
Requires wbemcat on search path.

.SH AUTHOR
Dr. Gareth S. Bestor <bestor@us.ibm.com>

.SH CONTRIBUTORS
Adrian Schuur <schuur@de.ibm.com>

.SH BUGS
Does not adequately deal with additional http headers/footers caused by
chunking responses, which will result in false failures when comparing results
to existing "x.OK" files.

.SH COPYRIGHT
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005

.SH AVAILABILITY
The Small-Footprint CIM Broker (sfcb) is a part of IBM's SBLIM project.
The most recent version is available on the web at
.IP
\%http://sblim.sourceforge.net/

.
.\" Local Variables:
.\" mode: nroff
.\" End:


